Hey,
what's going on?
It's bill burn his time for the Monday morning podcast from Monday,
November 9th,
2015 what's going on?
How I uh,
how's it going?
Easing into thanksgiving.
Uh,
I apologize for the broadcast being so late in the piece popping on the
microphone to turn that down there.
Um,
I just been travelling like a maniac,
man.
I been everywhere,
I did Philly and then I did Bethlehem,
Pennsylvania and then I went to Daytona,
Florida and,
oh,
what a time I had.
What a fucking time for old freckles.
It's good to be freckles these days.
His fucking year is winding down.
I always wonder what my neighbors think when I fucking come back to New York.
Like,
wait,
what?
Where does that loud Kanban and a fucking coma?
Haven't heard his stupid podcast forever.
We fucking roach infested God apartment back here came walking in like this.
Just fucking,
you know,
I have the guy come in and spray it,
but I dunno,
they still get in here,
you know that just fucking dead everywhere.
But this so fucking old from being dead,
right?
Yeah.
I pick them up and like the antenna stays on the floor.
It's fucking gross.
So anyways,
um,
what was I talking about?
I don't even remember.
Whatever.
Yeah,
just been,
I've been all over the place.
So,
um,
I want to thank everybody that came out to my shows this weekend in
Philadelphia,
in Bethlehem and in Daytona.
I had a fucking awesome time in each show was special in its own little way.
Um,
the first fucking night was the,
uh,
was the Philly show,
right?
So I go to Philly and contrary to one fucking youtube video,
everybody thinks I hate Philly.
I don't,
I was actually,
this is some shit I've never really been told you guys.
I was actually a flyers fan growing up because when I first started watching
hockey,
I loved the fact that you could fight and that's what the flyers did.
So I loved him.
You know,
I was too,
too young to remember them beating us in the Stanley Cup final in the 70s.
So I didn't have any bad will against the guys.
I just knew that they'd beat the fuck out of people.
And who doesn't want to watch that?
You know,
I eased my way into violence,
you know,
started off by getting my ass kicked by my older brother.
Then I started watching Raslan and then I moved on to hockey.
Right.
Years later I'm watching the UFC.
It just keeps progressively get more fun.
I watch those knock out videos.
I watch people getting slapped,
you know,
um,
there has to be a fucking word for the level of excited the person holding the
cell phone a camera has when they start screaming worldstar it literally sounds
like they're on fire.
They're so fucking excited that they filmed the knock out and that they're going
to get it on the fucking website.
Like they're almost like paying themselves.
I do an impression of it,
but I have a show I have to do in about eight days and it would shred my fucking
voice.
I'll try to,
uh,
I was going to lie to you in sales,
going to try and find the clip.
I have no idea where the clip,
where the clip is.
But um,
so anyways,
so I went and got into Philly on Thursday night.
Had the big shoe,
really big shoe there on Friday.
So I was like,
all right,
let me go out and get a cheese steak.
And it was really late and I,
I didn't have a car and I just said fuck it.
I said to the guys downstairs where,
uh,
where's the closest place to get a good one?
And they kind of made a face.
I go down to the corner.
So I went to this place Cavanaugh's so sports bra,
one of the coolest thing I saw,
they had the night,
the,
the fucking Philly's 1980,
um,
world series banner in there,
which was cool.
And I went in,
I got it with the Tater tots and I gotta tell you it was pretty fucking tasty.
Pretty God damn tasty.
Straight across the board.
I give the fucking cheese steak at,
at a,
at Cabin Oz,
the fucking thumbs up.
Right?
So then the next day,
right,
we got the show.
So I'm walking around,
I'm doing what I always do with when I go to Philly,
right.
Fucking check it out.
The downtown area.
And I always end up over at Mitchell and ness just to see what the fuck they
have and uh,
about my God son something.
And,
uh,
what else did I do?
I just walked around.
I fucking,
you know,
I enjoy the Goddamn city.
I don't do the touristy shit.
You know,
I meant to check out the Joe Frazier fucking
statue,
but I didn't have time.
Um,
so anyways,
so we got to go do the fucking show,
right?
It's at the wells Fargo arena.
Speaking of the flyers and the fucking 76 isn't all that shit.
So me Versie and Joe Matter Reese or on the show matter,
he says from Philly.
So we're driving over there,
I'm using the fucking,
you know,
I finally changed in the phone.
I changed it to a guy's voice.
So at least it's a guy telling me what to do.
It's supposed to that fucking broad nagging me the whole way,
right.
Causing my balls to pull up into me.
Right?
So I fucking,
um,
we're driving over there and of course we,
somehow we get lost trying to find a fucking arena.
And I literally see it says parking for event,
but the fucking computer can't,
didn't tell me to turn or my thumb grazed against something and just shut the
fucking thing off.
So I went right by it.
And when you miss the Wells Fargo Center headed south,
you end up in the fucking swamp.
So it ended up being like a half hour mistake cause it was like 15 minutes to
get all the way over the fucking thing.
And then we did not get in there.
We went into the wrong fucking gate.
So we pull in the charging us for parking.
I'm going now where the guys doing the show?
I'm bill bird.
That's Joe matter.
He says Paul Versey.
So ladies like,
hang on a second.
She's like,
yeah,
he said he's Paul Berg.
So we're laughing our asses off gone.
I swear to God we're there and when they go out to tell us a joke and I was
like,
I don't want any fucking jokes.
Well the three committees,
we can't find a fucking arena.
Is that funny enough?
And they guy go down there to [inaudible] and we just keep running into security
guards.
We just keep going.
Yeah,
we're the guys from the show.
And they would just go,
oh,
all right,
go down that way.
So then we just started laughing.
Go and do it.
I'm going to pull up two arena and be like,
yeah,
I'm Willie Nelson.
Yeah,
man,
I uh,
I'm a little late.
Where do I go?
I obviously I couldn't get away with Willie Nelson.
He's too famous.
But I'm telling you,
this is how it works.
Okay?
You need somebody black and somebody white in your car and I guarantee you,
you could sneak into any fucking arena when there's a concert.
All right,
this is all you gotta do.
All right.
Have a black and a white person in there just in case you get into the wrong
line.
Then what you do is you try to peek ahead to see what color the person is in the
parking booth.
If they're white,
you have the black guy talk,
right?
The black guy says,
I'm fucking,
uh,
oh wait,
wait,
wait.
You got to start with the artists for us.
All right,
so say you.
What are,
what did the kids listening to these days?
Huh?
Asap.
Rocky,
right?
Say he's got a fucking show.
What'd you got to do is you gotta be black friend.
Oh,
you got to get a black friend or just hire a black guy.
You have him say you pull up to the wrong fucking gate.
The regular person gave you,
make sure you get in line with the fucking white person right in the booth and
you,
all you get black guys got to say is,
yeah,
I'm him and I'm late,
man.
What do I go?
Where do I go?
And I'm telling you,
that guy will fucking wave you went,
we should want to have to pay for pocket.
I don't know if it fucking works.
And then if it's a fucking country,
show your black friends,
not Cohen.
So it gives a shit.
You know what?
I need white people anyways.
Whatever.
I'm convinced.
Ah,
fuck me.
Hang on a second.
Hang on.
All right,
I'm back.
Yeah.
So your black friends not going to want to go to the country showing him.
All I'm saying is if you just,
if you fucking pull up,
oh wait a minute.
They probably know it all day.
This is me being an EGOMANIAC.
This is what this is.
They didn't know why I am so then,
then I can know who know who fucking Travis traders.
What an arrogant freckled cons.
I apologize.
Not only for this thing being late,
but having my ego go off the fucking rails that soon and this podcast,
right.
It's fucking unbelievable.
It usually takes me at least 15 minutes in before the ego starts coming out.
Oh it reared its fucking redhead early.
Deaden it.
Um,
so anyways,
we will fucking driving around that parking lot for like 20 minutes and I'm
talking to the guy in the fucking arena and he's going,
you know,
where are you?
I'm like,
I will.
I'm in the fucking parking lot.
It's,
it's,
we're an e.
And he goes,
all right,
did you go into the tunnel?
And I'm like,
no,
I went over a bridge or bring it around and fuck fucking take.
It took us like for fucking ever.
And then we got in there and um,
we got to go into the,
obviously going to the venue before the crowd got in there,
got to see the,
you know,
they got the boards,
with a fucking,
you know,
for the flies play in all that shit.
I saw that 76 83 championship banner,
the team that I would put up against the 96 bulls and I say it goes seven games,
you know,
um,
oh me and versus you got into it that night.
Holy Shit.
Arguing sports.
Good Lord.
He's like,
dude,
they're fucking 72 and 10.
You know,
he's one of those 1990s babies.
Like nothing happened in sports prior to 1990.
Nobody do.
They had Pippin and a Jordan like that fucking shit.
It's like,
all right,
well they had doctor Jake in Moses Malone,
you know,
and Mo cheeks.
Fucking Andrew,
Tony and I have a Roni.
Right?
And that fucking skinny white dude coming off the Goddamn bench.
Who's like the defensive player of the year,
Dude,
Moses Malone underneath against Luc Longley,
Luc Longley.
It's gonna fucking fall.
He's,
we'd filed trouble every fucking game.
All right.
I'm not saying that the six is definitely would have fucking one,
but to just say that it's a foregone conclusion that the fucking 96 bowls of the
greatest fucking team ever,
they add,
there was no Celtics Lakers thing going on with the fucking,
it was a very uneven time.
You know,
and people will,
if you go,
Jordan was so good.
I'll give you a little bit of that.
All right.
But to when the fucking Celtics,
Lakers and sixers were all good in the fucking eighties and then the pistons
came along.
I mean to,
you had to fucking commit mass murder just to get to the finals.
People throwing clothes line.
Kurt Rambis has glasses flying across the fucking court.
It was a man's fuck.
And Gabe,
I'm being that old guy.
No,
I know it wasn't the nineties too,
but I'm just saying there wasn't any Kareem's there wasn't,
there wasn't like,
you know,
the Celtics and Lakers were fucking littered with Hall of famers on both sides,
I dunno.
What am I fucking Bill Simmons?
I don't know shit about fucking hoop.
I'm just saying,
I just hate how everybody,
Oh,
you,
you do this.
And He'd do that.
And,
and Moses and doctor Jay would just stand around watching them going,
Cima holy,
holy mackerel,
golly,
Chia,
these guys.
Good.
Um,
we get into that argument all the time and he also gets to the argument that
may,
where there's the greatest fucking middleweight of all time.
I'm like,
Paula Marvin Hagler.
The problem is Marvin Hagler,
sugar ray Leonard,
Tommy Hitman,
Hearns and Roberta Duran all fought at the same fucking time.
So they took losses in know,
and me,
I'm not saying that he would lose to all of those guys,
but he lose to at least one of them,
wouldn't he?
Oh,
I sound like an old man in a barbershop.
Um,
well I'll tell you it back in 1972 fucking voices,
junk dude,
junk doing all these fucking shows.
And uh,
I gotta be honest with you,
man.
I am,
I'm fucking,
I'm done with cigars man.
I smoked my last one in Philly and I didn't even want to smoke it.
I just did it cause,
uh,
we with a bunch of people and they,
you know,
they wanted to head over there,
but I didn't even tell you about the show so far as he goes up to open it
fucking crushes and uh,
which made me feel really good,
you know,
obviously,
cause the last time I did a really big show out there,
um,
you know,
things were a little more aggressive so to speak.
And I had a lot of people,
interviewers asking me about it cause I wasn't even thinking about it because
I've been back to Philly like six fucking times and I never had a problem,
but they just kept,
well this was a big show.
So you think that this one,
Huh?
Do you think they're going to treat you like an ea soul as they say in Philly?
He sold.
Um,
and then Joe matter,
Reese went up,
by the way,
who I hadn't seen,
you know,
he's a guy I started out with.
Uh,
when I first came to New York,
he moved to New York right around the time that I did,
came up from Philly and I came down from Boston.
And uh,
you know,
he's even funny that I remembered.
He absolutely fucking destroyed,
did dead on.
Uh,
what was it Harry callous saying his name right.
Um,
sounded exactly like him.
Now Philly people know him as the voice of the Phillies.
I knew him from NFL films taken over for the Voice of God and um,
he absolutely murdered in a,
I highly recommend you check that guy out.
Um,
if you get a chance and you can follow him on Twitter at the Joe matter.
Reese m a t a.
R.
E.
S.
E the Joe Matter Reese,
I believe he's got a special or something like that coming out.
Um,
he was fucking hilarious.
And then when we would drive in a way,
he was doing a dead on Tony Soprano,
fucking dead on it.
Hell is unreal.
So,
uh,
we had a great time and then we ended up going out and a smoke some cigars.
I was a good boy.
I had one glass of Bourbon,
that was it.
I smoked a cigar and me and [inaudible] boy at each other's throats,
fucking arguing sports.
And um,
and then when we left,
we got cheese steak number two.
I'm a two to,
um,
uh,
where did we go?
We went to something like Mike's Princess steaks or something like that.
I can't even remember.
I don't remember the name of it,
but,
um,
that one I thought the bread was good.
I thought everything was good,
but the steak,
I thought the steak wasn't as high quality.
Um,
as what I had at Cavanaugh's and I'm not even talking about,
was it Pat's and Geno's I got,
I've been to those fucking things.
I'm trying to go to the satellite ones.
Um,
I didn't even get to the ones that roast beef one was closed by seven,
so I never made it to that one.
But,
um,
I still at a good time,
but Jesus Christ,
what a fucking shit show.
If you want to see a shit show,
get a fucking cheese steak at two in the morning and Philadelphia on a Friday
night.
Good Lord.
People just sway in,
in the fucking breeze,
right?
And then the people I walked in with,
they were fucking hammered too.
I wasn't,
I'm fucking sober,
right?
Go walking in matter receipt goes like,
like way too loud,
like drunk voice because you go to the APP every fucking loser and filly out
here to get a cheese steak.
And I was like,
Joe,
shut the fuck up.
Shut the fuck up.
You know?
And then first he goes,
he goes,
Jesus Christ,
he goes into the hair,
cut on that fucking animal over there.
Way Too loud.
Way Too fucking loud.
I'm going to Paul Paul,
shut the fuck up.
Shut the fuck.
So I was that guy.
I was basically not even designated driver,
like a designated Walker.
And everybody in there,
I swear to God,
was swaying.
They were so drunk.
Like 90% of the people in there was swaying.
I felt like I was on a fucking ship and I would some salty dog who had his sea
legs and everybody else was just sort of fucking floating around.
So anyways,
we get the cheese steaks.
I fuck up the order.
The guys all in patient with me and I was going to be,
oh,
you're doing that Philly thing?
Well you get all fucking impatient because I don't know how to go get it.
Give me two.
Wait,
give me a Wiz.
no,
with nat.
You know,
so I'm,
so I got that little experience and then a,
as we were eating,
we were finishing up right at the,
the exact right time.
Like the,
uh,
the white dude with a,
all black friends came walking in and he was trying to,
you know,
I don't know what he was trying to do.
He was unbelievably loud.
He was being fucking rude and he was going to get all of his friends into a
fight
when we fucking left.
I was like,
let's get the fuck out of here.
And,
um,
I dunno,
I had a great time.
And he said,
I actually also had a really good breakfast place,
little piece,
I think it was called greasy spoon.
I fucking loved it.
And The lady behind the counter was a who works the day shift is a fucking riot.
I was sitting there and she got me my drink order and she goes,
you're ready?
And I was like,
yeah.
She goes,
what do you got?
And I just laughed.
I go,
I let me get two eggs.
Fucking what do you got?
What do you got?
I don't know.
Hunger pains.
Um,
so anyways,
so we had a great time there.
And,
uh,
as I said,
I can't recommend a going out to see Joe man Reese enough man.
Like he fucking blew me away versus he of course was great always.
But,
uh,
I always like throwing out new names on the podcast.
People.
You could check out the Joe Matter Risa on Twitter.
Um,
okay.
I hang on a punch in the scene.
You
never can talk and do my password at the same fucking time.
If I went into my settings and figured out how to make the screensaver not come
up every two fucking seconds.
Um,
all right,
let's do a couple of reads here.
Let's do a couple of reads and believe me,
that's all I have.
You know as much as you guys enjoy the Improv during the fucking
okay,
the advertising here,
it's,
it's a costume.
Oh,
freckles.
Some money here.
Who gives a fuck?
I started doing this for fun,
right?
And I'm always going out.
Fuck Trunk Club everybody.
Jesus.
It's a trunk full of clothes.
Shopping is awful.
And so are most of the people that you date,
you know,
until you find the one.
So chances are not only your shopping and not having a good time,
you're with someone you don't even want to be with.
So it's doubly bad.
Would it be nice if a whole trunk full of clothes showed up and you could,
you know,
open it up,
take the clothes out,
crawling and close the fucking lid so you can't hear that fucking person.
You don't want to be with shopping is awful.
Who has the patients who has the patience for crowded stores or the time to try
on 10 pairs of pants that don't even fit?
Well,
okay,
I'll never understand that sentence.
10 pairs of fucking pig.
Well,
well maybe if you knew your fucking size.
Okay.
You know what were you bullied for a month?
Um,
but here's the problem.
You still want to look great.
That's what it is.
You're blaming can you don't have the strength to lift up the fucking pants.
Are you making fun of people with eating disorders?
Yes.
Um,
but here's the problem.
You still want to look great and what Trunk Club,
you never have to set foot in a mall again.
Trunk Club takes the hit unless you worked there and you've got to keep going
there the whole time going,
you know what?
I might come here but I don't shop here.
Hey,
I'm above this and with trunk club you never have to set foot in a mall again.
Trunk Club takes the hassle man out of shopping by shipping you a trunk of
clothes that fit perfectly and make you look like 1 million bucks with all the
new file false styles.
Ladies
who can turn their world on with her hat,
who could take a and not look so fucking fat?
Well,
did you pitch it?
You should know it,
Jason,
my voice.
Thanks.
Trunk club@trunkclub.com slash burr.
You answer simple questions about your style preferences and size and size.
And you're in an assigned an expert stylist.
They cure rate close,
uh,
from the best premium brands and you approve what you like it just like that a
trunk arrives on your doorstep.
Doorstep filled with handpicked clothes right out of there at Grove.
Some old guy walks right out to the grove in his pants on a treat.
Picks them right off clothes that are perfect for you.
Try them on,
keep what you like and easily return what you don't in their prepaid trunk.
This is not a subscale.
She do.
Keep all the clean,
clean clothes and throw your dirty ones in there.
See if they notice.
This is not a subscription service.
You only pay for the clothes you keep from your trunk.
No hidden charges,
just great clothes get started today and Trunk Club will style you for free man.
Plus free shipping both ways while they just rolled into the cost of the clubs.
Who's getting home?
You only pay for the clothes.
You're key to take advantage.
Go to trunk club.com/burr one last time.
This trunk club.com/bar for a trunk full of clothes filled with clothes you'll
love wearing.
I know I said too many clothes there.
Oh,
here's our old buddies.
Boop,
boop,
me undies,
Mia.
Andy's no more sweaty tape.
Bouloud to do my ids.
Me undies.
Your balls are dry.
Don't say they ate.
You got dead cotton.
Cotton all on your under carriage.
Oh,
what did I say?
Carriage.
Parish.
Marriage is marriage.
Yeah.
I only carrot carriage.
Your balls won't stay ghetto.
Help your marriage.
Jesus.
That took awhile.
Oh,
when you get somebody on these up against your balls,
you'll have a weird smile on your face.
Oh yeah.
People think that you got some sort of problem already in her ear and balance.
All right,
me on does everybody,
we all know how sexy confidence can be.
Um,
and that confidence comes from being well to a certain point,
you know what I mean?
What's his face down there on the Carolina Panthers?
That fucking great quarterback there.
Cam Newton.
Yeah.
Guy Hams it up too much.
He hands it up.
Um,
I'm getting,
I'm already,
even though I love what I have to do,
you got to have the fucking sound down and after he throws for a touchdown or
raw,
especially if he runs for one,
you got to look away from the TV.
You know what I mean?
I just said that's stupid.
Ah,
all the fucking time.
And Taryn is fucking shirt open.
You know what's funny about that end zone celebration is as he gets older,
you know he's going to have to fucking adjust that,
you know,
cause inevitably did dead gay beats the shit out of you and you just put coming
old fucking man.
Right.
So he's going to,
rather than I am,
I'm predicting Cam Newton in his 17th season when he's breaking all the fucking
records.
When he runs for a fucking touchdown,
rather than ripping open his Jersey doing the superman thing,
uh,
he's got a mind like putting on a sport coat.
That's what I would do.
Oh,
what'd you bill?
What'd your,
they had never played a profession even fucking division 19.
Huh?
You're freckled can't look in all sickly.
Where do you get off?
Make it fun to that fucking superhero.
Well,
I dunno.
I'm an old grumpy man.
I really did enjoy that game though.
Let's get my,
why am I still doing the undies thing?
I am right.
Um,
furniture is sexy.
That's right.
But how great can you feel when your wrinkling up and riding up you fucking
balls?
They're maybe getting into the folds.
He had clam me undies gets it.
And that's why they've created the world's most comfortable underwear for a
daily dose of confidence.
Uh,
Mandy's is made of modal model Moodle of fabric that's twice as soft as cotton.
That's twice as soft as whatever underwear you're wearing right now.
Me and he says tons of colors and styles and the only place to get matching
pairs for men and women,
they even release a new design every month.
I wear whatever free pair that they give me and boy,
Oh boy do I love a free pair of comfortable underwear right up against my balls.
Plus we all know that paying for shipping sucks.
So me,
Andy says,
remove that from the creek equation.
Yeah,
rolled it into the price of the underwear.
We're not born yesterday.
All orders in the U S and Canada shipped for free.
Me undies even has a great money back guarantee.
If you don't love your first pair,
you get to keep it for free even though you don't love it.
You got to keep it forever.
You literally have nothing to lose.
Uh,
to sweeten the deal,
me,
Andy's is offering you 20% off your first order at [inaudible] dot com slash
bird that's a special offered for just my listeners and wherever else they
advertise,
make sure you go to me undies.com/bird and get 20% off your first order.
And so that we,
uh,
they know that we sent you,
you know what that just reminded me of?
I don't know why everybody freaking out about that fucking missile that the navy
shut off.
You know,
this is the beginning of world war three.
Wow.
Great,
great.
And then you know what?
We're all going to be dead.
So what are you fucking worried about?
You know what I mean?
I would be much more worried if somebody released one Cobra into the fucking Los
Angeles area and I knew that it was somewhere in the hills where I hiked.
If there was one cobra there,
I would be way more fucking nervous.
Like if they said right now we have a special news flash,
China has just shot a bunch of nuclear weapons,
they will be here in six minutes.
So get your affairs in order.
I would go over to the fridge and I'd get out of pine ice cream and I'd sit
there,
you know,
like a little kid sits in a big charity,
kicks his legs up and down like a scissor.
That's what I would do.
Oh boy.
I'm going to get vaporized of getting what everybody wants.
A painless death.
That's what you're looking at when you see the nuclear weapons,
which you're looking at is a painless death.
I'm all about them.
I love the warhead.
This,
I'm a big bore,
had fed,
you know,
I liked that were puffing each other's chests up.
You know what I mean?
China's,
you know,
where like why I oughta,
in China is like why we oughta and then Korea is like,
Hey,
what about us?
We still count,
right?
I don't give a fuck.
I really don't.
Um,
you know,
I'm a grizzled veteran.
This shit,
I grew up in the tail end of the Cold War.
I remember that Shit,
right?
Everybody says that gun to do it and then they never do okay until they do.
And when they deal,
you're not going to know it because it's going to be over.
At least I won't know it.
That's one of the great things about being in a targeted city.
You're going to have no idea that world war three even app it,
you just going to wake up,
you know,
wherever the fuck you go.
Oh,
maybe you just become part of the radiation.
You know that the next people are going to climb out of,
I told you guys that might,
that's my theory,
right?
That water is the nuclear waste from the last people that fucked up this planet.
You know?
And we're actually,
these fucking mutants were actually ugly as shit.
We just don't know any better because we're attracted to what we see because we
were all fucking arrogant.
Right?
We've got the ego.
You look at me,
my ego came out and fucking for six minutes,
you don't know who I am.
Or then I could say I'm Elvis and everyone would believe it.
Now Bill,
they wouldn't you fucking dope.
Um,
yeah,
so I don't,
I don't know what the big deal is.
And it was also funny to watch to read that and uh,
listen to say that they were saying everybody in California was freaking out and
then I call my wife and she doesn't even bring it up.
Probably didn't even know what happened.
Cause at this point nobody really watches the news anymore.
Remember the news used to come up but to do,
to,
to fuck everybody watched the fucking news.
You had you guy,
who do you like?
And it was all men,
right?
Cause men tell you what's going on in the world despite what these ladies stink.
You know what I mean?
That's why I stopped watching the news.
Second I saw a woman news anchor.
I was like this.
Brian does know what she's talking about.
She does.
She only got half the information because whoever it was telling it to her was
probably thinking about fucking her.
And he left out half the information.
Okay.
That's the problem with female news anchors and I've been saying it for years
and you can hide behind your sexist.
He's a sexist comment.
All right.
There's not an ounce of comedy in this right now.
I'm just trying to get bloggers and easy week.
Uh,
I am dead serious,
you know,
I don't even know Dick.
Just Connie Chung still do it.
You know it's funny.
It was Connie Chung did the real news and then her husband was doing that.
When was that fucking show?
Was it hard copy?
He had that sound.
That sound like a fucking Matthew.
What's that thing behind the door that doorstop up open?
The thing he played with before there was the internet and you just sit there
for hours,
go home.
That's a hard noise to imitate.
You just sit there fucking with dad.
Right.
He was on his show that that was the sound effect as they went into every story.
And Connie right was actually talking about real shit that was,
well at least,
you know the edited real shit,
our version of the real shit that was going on.
You know,
I would love to him and sit in there and they both talked about,
you know,
the news stories that they were excited about.
You know,
she was reporting about the Berlin Wall coming down and he was talking about to
some paper boy who fucked the postman's wife.
You know what I mean?
I Dunno.
I just,
I guess I just find relationships interesting.
All right.
Legal Zoom,
everybody we have,
we're still doing advertising by the way.
Legal Zoom,
everyone,
you know,
you shouldn't have to choose a random lawyer who charges expensive hourly rates
when you need legal help.
Yeah.
What are you in the drunk tank?
You're at home,
you should have your fucking choice.
But the legal system is so complicated.
What are the choices do you have when you need help with your business or want
to protect your family?
Start with legal zoom.
Uh,
they make it easy for more than a decade.
They provided a way for regular people like you and me to confidently navigate
the legal system.
I'm not regular like you guys.
I could say I'm Willie Nelson and they would believe it.
Um,
legal zooms,
not a law firm.
And that's how they provide such great value.
They don't rely on charging you by the hour.
Instead you'll get transparent pricing.
And customer reviews so you know exactly what you're getting up front.
If he need help with your incorporations Llcs,
trademarks,
last,
wills,
living trusts,
and more legal sense,
the smart choice.
They've got the right people on hand to answer your questions,
not the wrong people.
They got the right people,
and if you need legal advice,
their network of independent attorneys can provide the most straight forward
guidance you need in most states.
All right.
Don't let legal hurdles become an excuse.
Stop quitting in life.
Go to legal zoom.com to start building your own future,
the right way to save even more in a burn the referral box at checkout.
That's legalzoom.com Promo Code Bar,
legalzoom.com Promo Code Burp.
All right,
stamps.com man,
I thought I only had two stamps.com getting your mailing and shipping can seem
like a no win situation.
Going to the post office takes up valuable time leasing a postage meter.
It's expensive.
They've got multiyear commitments and hidden fees.
You don't need that shit.
Luckily I know a better way
why should really say is luckily I can sort of read out loud because stamps.com
knows a better way.
Buy and print official US postage for any letter or package right from your own
desk using your own computer and printer.
Even the special postage discounts,
she can't find it.
The Post Office that is a fragment of it's a fragment.
If I read that even gets special postage discounts,
she can't find it.
The post office,
he can save at least 50% compared to a postage meter and you'll avoid the avoid
those time consuming trips to the post office.
Uh,
I use,
um,
I use stamps.com anytime I send my fucking posters out.
Ah,
shit,
I just realized I'm gonna be late for something Ghana worst.
Uh,
anytime I send my posters out,
I that stuff in on if I could figure out how to use this,
I bet you guys can,
unless you're unbelievably stupid.
At which point,
um,
I wouldn't even make funny.
How about that?
Don't wait.
Go to stamps.com before you do anything else,
you click on that microphone.
At the top of the homepage and you type in Burr,
that's stamps.com enter burr.
All right,
so the next night I went up and I did a,
I did this.
The sands casino is proud to percent.
Oh,
wonderful.
New Show.
I'm mad at his music and not man is Frank Sinatra.
Oh,
you people get in my room.
Come fly with me.
You big fat fucking whore.
Um,
you guys ever hear that album?
Oh,
what an album that is just with the count Basie orchestra.
Um,
there's a casino,
there's a town,
I know where the hipsters go called bedrock,
but doodoo twist twist.
There's a Bethlehem,
Pennsylvania.
There was a casino in there that pulls in like $1 million a day.
They make a,
they make bank.
I walked in there,
I got there early.
I talked to this fucking Zombie.
I,
she must've hated her job.
I don't know what it was,
but she,
the way she was talking,
it was like that.
Just that sing songs every way.
That'd be like,
yeah,
where's the gym?
She'd be like,
okay.
The Jimmy's right down the end of the hall.
And you did Debbie,
Debbie,
Debbie.
What Times Checkout Bababa we were [inaudible] just going like up and bike.
Like she was a robot and someone just randomly like programmed the same
inflection arc.
She started down low and then she went up high and then she ended up here and
then she came back down.
Um,
and I went in there,
right?
I got a Budweiser,
I sat down and this place was fucking mobbed.
Okay.
Mobbed.
I noticed you so many dirty jackets in my life.
Mobs with white people,
Asians,
black people,
any kind of people you could think of.
Yeah.
Was in their place was fucking mobbed.
And I'm sitting in one Saturday afternoon and I was sitting there going,
is there like a fucking championship fight?
Just let out.
This is fucking unbelievable.
And I talked to one of the owners and he said,
no dude,
this fucking place does a business.
Like it's one of the top casinos in the country.
And uh,
I'll tell you what else it is.
It's one of the top venues I ever performed that I had the best fucking time.
I don't know what it is.
Just certain rooms you walk into,
they just,
they got that magic right.
You just,
you stand to the side of the stage and just feel it.
Like this is going to be fucking great.
And,
um,
I think I did like it.
I might have done an hour and a half on that one.
Oh,
such a fucking time.
Such a great time.
Um,
you know,
I still,
funny I talked about trying to get into the wells Fargo Center and,
and talk about the show.
So actually got to do a show,
um,
at that arena and um,
Paul and Joe did great and I walked out and a crowd was nice.
It was so funny,
man.
Philly's like males choking with Versie like Philly's,
like the only city that you'd go to,
what you have,
you need a game plan.
Like,
okay,
if this happens,
I'm going to do this or be ready to do this,
blah,
whatever.
But the crowd couldn't have been,
uh,
any better and everybody who worked there was fucking coolest shit.
And,
uh,
I was actually bonding with the f one of the flyers fan.
Um,
security guys because their team's not doing that well either.
Fucking Bruins drop like three out of four,
but we won the last one.
That's all right.
And,
uh,
we fucked up and then we blew the Canadians game.
Courageous,
uncharacteristically taking a dump penalty.
But,
um,
but I just,
you know,
I had no idea what to expect this year,
so I thought we were gonna just going to get fucking smoked because we had all
these new guys and,
uh,
the plane good.
You know,
I don't mind if we lose a game because we fucked up,
cause that can be fixed.
It's just when you're just losing because you just simply can't even compete.
And I have not seen that this year,
so I'm still a very optimistic that we're gonna make the playoffs and now we're
going to have a good showing.
I think it's going to even be better next year.
So anyways,
so I fly down to Daytona,
right.
And,
um,
oh,
Yannis Pappas open for me on that last one.
You know,
he went out and fucking crushed it.
Um,
actually he really fucking crushed it and went over a little bit,
so,
and he felt it was all apologetic.
So I fucking,
I broke his balls for like a good 10 minutes saying I was never going to use
them again.
Went over by like fucking three minutes.
I was like,
no,
you did great.
Uh,
but you're one and done.
It's over.
You're dead to me.
So anyways,
I went down to Daytona.
I'd never been to Daytona,
didn't even realize that.
And A,
I've always wanted to go to the Daytona 500.
Why wouldn't you?
Why wouldn't you want to see people as fucking brilliant as they are in pit row
and then stand in the being in the stands of some of the dumbest people in the
nation.
Just that whole mic DLT,
that juxtaposition.
Huh?
Be fucking phenomenal.
Fucking people trying to shave off milliseconds thousandth of a second.
Whatever they're trying to do by adjusting some God knows what.
Meanwhile,
me and a bunch of morons are just standing up there.
Hope it's somebody crashes.
Um,
so anyways,
uh,
so I was like,
man,
I hope I have time to fucking check out the speedway,
but I don't have a,
I don't have a car.
So I'm walking off the plane and you know,
in the,
in the airports they have those floor to ceiling windows.
As I walk off the jet way and coming to the place where you fucking wait,
I looked across the,
uh,
the,
to the other gate that was directly across and out the window and there was the
fucking speedway.
The speedway is right next to the airport.
It was fucking cool as shit.
And when I was over at my hotel,
I heard,
um,
I heard a this car fucking driving around the track,
you know,
testing,
God knows what hour it was really fucking cool.
So hopefully I'll get back there.
And I performed at an aeronautical schools,
so everybody in the crowd was either a pilot was in maintenance,
homeland security or uh,
they were actually learning how to design airplane parts,
our aircraft parts,
whatever the fuck you want to call it.
Um,
and I had a great time talking to them,
especially afterwards.
And the dean of students was actually a veteran.
I forget what he said.
He flew,
uh,
see something or the gunship and asked him if he,
if when he flies now,
is it a lot more enjoyable cause nobody's shooting at him.
He goes,
I don't do it anymore.
And I go,
wow.
Oh well why not?
Why not you just sick of it?
He goes,
Nah man.
I got shit.
You know,
he goes,
when he gets shot down,
I got a metal in my knee and my shoulder.
He goes,
cause yeah,
cause you go down once in one of those,
you don't want to do it again.
So I just sat there with my jaw on the ground listening to his stories,
but I could not have had a better time.
Um,
I could not have had a better time at that,
uh,
at that school.
And uh,
Vanessa fraction opened up.
She fucking destroyed.
Um,
it's just a great time.
It's just a great fucking run.
I just did not get any God damn sleep.
So,
um,
on,
let me read the questions here and let me get on with my fucking life here.
Um,
all right.
Other language.
Um,
see,
hey bill,
I'm 23 and my wife will never be
complete.
He will complete,
complete without advice from 50.
What?
Hey Bill.
I'm 23 and my okay.
Other language.
I'm from Czechoslovakia,
right?
I'm gonna do my best to read this.
MMM.
Oh,
maybe I guess I'll just going to read it how you wrote it.
Hey Bill.
I'm 23 and my life will never be complete without advice from 50 yo out of
shape.
Baldhead I moved to England just because of standup.
Sorry for writing like a total dick.
But this is my second language.
I used to be good comedian back home,
Czech Republic,
but I wanted more,
ever since I moved to England I realized I'm not so funny in English.
I want to give it three more years,
at least four when I'm able to do open mikes.
Do you think that non native speaker can break in hard work in?
Um,
yeah.
Yakov schmear enough made an absolute fortune.
Um,
I do.
I think you definitely can't.
It's not going to hurt you look to it.
If you can figure out being from the Czech Republic,
if you can figure out how to be funny in English and make those cons in England
left,
you know,
if you can make those fucking people love when you go back to your party Europe,
you're going to be the king.
And I'll tell you something right now,
dude,
there's nothing wrong with being the king of the Czech Republic.
Is it all those fucking smoking hot chicks over there?
You'll fucking destroy dude.
If everybody in your country loves you,
you'll,
you'll be a fucking zillionaire.
It's over.
And who are you competing against?
Who's the Czech Republic?
Richard Pryor or George Carlin.
What's the competition to you getting in at the ground floor?
You could be the Lenny Bruce over there,
right?
I think it's a great fucking move.
And I think you're going to do well,
just hang in there because no matter where you're at,
you're going to be struggling,
right?
And while you're at it,
you're in England,
you got this cool fucking accent,
right?
Maybe you can take out your old fucking checks to there and stick it between
some chicks,
beef curtains or whatever the fuck they say over there.
All right.
Eastern Europe.
Hello,
small tits.
Billy boy you are teasing with coming to eastern Europe sometime ago.
Would you consider coming to Poland?
Absolutely,
I would.
I was told the south southern part of Poland's great and up north along the
water.
I would be thrilled to see you live in my country.
I'm a huge fan as is everyone who listens to you obviously.
Um,
less of my ego says sincerely go fuck yourself.
Also,
I remember you watching you and breaking bad and I wasn't aware of you being
such an awesome person and thinking of you and every time you parked on the
screen I was like,
who was dead fan?
Go look and do to fuck you.
Um,
anyway,
I,
you know,
I can't even,
is that a compliment or an,
I don't even know.
I would definitely come to Poland.
Um,
and I definitely want to do eastern Europe and I was talking to,
uh,
my agent the other day about how we got to do Europe.
I do whatever you got a year.
So I didn't do it this year.
I'm going to do it next year.
Um,
I do whatever every other year when I get my act together.
You know what I mean?
People going over there in a second fucking language,
you know,
in some of those places,
people listening to me speaking English and they don't speak English as a first
language.
I got to make sure that like,
you know,
I can't be just riffing and fucking around.
I can do that in this country.
I can put together an act,
but I'm not flying all the way over there to do that.
So I got to make sure that during my off year between specials,
this is the,
this is how it works.
I put the shit together,
I'll take us through the whole thing.
I do my special and then immediately I start doing comedy clubs.
Any place I can get up at and I get it in an hour,
four to shit that I can say.
By the time my special comes up and then I honed that thing to the point,
it's an acceptable level and then I,
I start torn with it on the road and then I just start dropping jokes is better.
Jokes come in and then when I get it really ready to go,
then I do the European shit and then I come back and I take the special and then
that's it.
Then I started all over again and it never ends.
All right.
Here's something about Cleo.
All right,
dear Billy Bruford,
I have a theory on cleos behavior and an explanation explanation for her peeing
in the house.
All right.
For those of you who didn't listen last time or for those of you in the future
who just grabbed this one out of a whole slew of them,
how are you?
Was there a nuclear holocaust?
Well,
great.
You survived it.
Are you in your bunker now?
Any more cans of beans?
Can you eat?
You can't.
What's it like living in a world without ESPN that at booboo all,
you know what,
if you're actually in a bunker right now in the future and you're listening to
me,
I should probably be a little more positive,
right?
I should predicate Jess.
What makes that little lowland Danky can survive a meltdown from a nuclear
plant.
Everyone knows he's got sores all over his fucking face cause he went,
uh,
he didn't stay a dark brown.
That's why you'll be in that.
What do they usually Barry,
that's those,
those things.
What they stick all the drugs in that sit on the wharfs and they stick them on
the back of trucks.
Freight,
freight fucking thinks,
I dunno,
whatever they dealt with during the second season of the wire.
Anyway,
so,
um,
the fuck was,
I talk all the fucking dog.
So my dog,
um,
has been having bladder issues every once in a while.
She just like peas,
the no fucking reason.
And um,
our doctor was saying that it's because,
you know,
she was spayed and that's one of the things that happens sometimes once they get
older.
So this guy has a theory as to why she's been peeing a little bit in the house.
She says,
he says,
I'm,
are he or she?
What do we got here?
I don't know.
All right.
I'm a lifelong dog lover.
Um,
I fucked my first dog when I was four.
Sorry.
It was an easy job.
I'm a lifelong dog lover and,
and own to have my own.
Remember last week you commented on how when you got back from tours,
she slept all night and then was sleeping in your office while he did the
podcast like she was on morphine.
Totally knocked out.
It's because she loves you.
You are the one person who takes her on hikes and gives her baths,
et cetera.
She's probably anxious when you're away and when you come home.
She's so relieved and relaxed that she just passes out.
Now that I know I'm asking about the peeing here,
sir.
All right.
Don't be at [inaudible] apples with oranges.
Now you're about to leave for tour and she's peeing in the house.
Dogs are very intuitive and can picked up on the littlest thing.
She's picked up on signs that you'll be leaving again.
And as a result is feeling anxious,
which is causing her to pee inside beside the house.
She made,
she's peed inside,
like go inside of her.
Just a thought,
but it could be what's going on.
I think that's a great fucking theory.
Good luck and see.
See you next weekend in New York.
All right.
You know what?
Thank you.
Is fucking phenomenal advice.
Way better than anything I've ever said on this podcast.
All come on,
Bill.
Don't,
don't beat up on yourself.
Well,
I know.
All right.
Eight 89 year old tries to stand up for the very first time.
Um,
a bill.
Did you see the article and the video of the old guy trying stand up for the
first time at the first,
at first the video came out and he was praised and it came out that he lifted
the jokes and some people turned on him saying it wasn't that big of a deal if
he memorized them.
I feel both ways.
Seems like he could have put together a couple of one liners with all of the old
people downtime.
He has other,
pardon me?
He says he just wanted to stand in those shoes and see what it feels like.
Like if you started flying a helicopter at 89 but had the instructor takeoff.
So he just did the cruising around in the air.
Thoughts?
Um,
yeah man.
Well first of all,
he probably came from the Henny Youngman error when most of those guys,
you know,
not saying Henny Youngman stole,
but like back then like people just did street jokes.
Two guys walk into a bar,
but a,
I actually think it's Kinda cool that an 89 [inaudible] 89 years old,
so he got to feel like what it was like to do stand up.
He got to feel like what it was like to be famous.
He got to feel what it felt like.
He got so famous that there was the backlash he got called a thief.
He got the whole fucking thing.
Look at him.
His second set's going to be called his big comeback like Travolta and fucking a
pulp fiction.
I think it's wonderful.
I'm,
I'm glad that he did it and I don't have any problem with them going.
That's a fucking adorable to see an old guy go update 89 telling old jokes.
Jamar,
I,
you're not a fucking,
you got to know you have no blood in your heart.
If he didn't think that,
that was adorable.
All right.
Corporations,
a bill.
I was doing some fall cleanup in my yard because the maple trees surrounding my
house likes to leave a nice message during this time where I,
where I live,
the city requires that you put leaves and grass clippings and giant paper bags
that you can purchase it.
Various stores.
When the bags are filled up,
we set them out on the curb and they picked up during the week.
They usually costs around $3 for a bundle of about five bags.
One thing I noticed on these bags,
which every store you buy them from their logo and or slogans or printed all
over the bags like it,
like had a home improvement store.
Um,
when they are sitting at the curb,
the store logo is there for everyone to see who drives a walks by to see.
And that's brilliant.
I realize that because of this,
uh,
I am advertising for that store for free or actually paying them to advertise
for them.
Uh,
this is almost the same as if you bought a car from a dealership,
put in an emblem or a license plate.
The cover the car with the dealership law.
My God,
this is killing my brain just didn't get enough sleep.
If I could find bags that were blank,
I would get those.
But I have not.
I thought to tell you about this because of your bit about automated cash
registers at the checkout stores and was wondering what your take was on
something like this.
Love your comedy.
Thanks.
Go Fuck Yourself.
Uh,
you know,
I'm not going to promise something like that.
Who gives a fuck?
You know,
you went in,
you needed bags,
they had bags,
she gave them to them,
they put the names on them.
I don't give a shit,
you know,
it's no skin off my fucking back.
My thing is working for free.
Um,
I guess technically you could be a jerk and be like,
you owe me money for advertising out in front of my house.
You know,
start renting out the space at the end of your driveway.
Okay.
I mean,
that might be a thing in the future.
You know,
a way to make money from home,
like rent out your mailbox,
let people put their logo on it.
Um,
it'd be hilarious.
And you have to start whoring out your kids.
Listen,
you call up like Nestle and just say,
listen,
my oldest daughter,
I'm not trying to be weird,
but she's really hot and everybody wants to fuck her.
So they're always driving by the house.
So I was thinking,
what if you guys put like your little fucking hot cocoa sign on the side of my
mailbox?
You know,
so all those guys,
you know,
they'll think that all,
man,
if I buy this hot cocoa that they could fuck my daughter and they're not going
to do this.
There's no way they're going to do it because she's already banging on one of
our teachers.
You see what I'm saying?
Nestle.
And they'd be like,
all right man.
We'll fuck it.
Do it.
All right.
No relationship.
Hey Bill,
I need your insight.
I just started hanging out with this girl who's,
who's 17 years younger than me.
Yes,
we have had sex,
but we have not had blood sex.
What the fuck?
I'm 45 and she's 28.
Every time I tried to calm her down for that kind of action or left leg starts
spasming out and she freezes up.
Should I dumper,
uh,
or,
or move on?
Oh Shit.
Okay.
Just mark the entire thing that I do at the end of my podcast and God damn.
And I loved it.
I loved every second of it.
Um,
all right,
well that's the podcast for this week.
Um,
I don't know what to tell you.
I'm in New York to do my final show of the year gear,
my final road gig of the year.
All right.
And I have already mentally,
I'm already drinking eggnog.
That's how excited I am about being home for the fucking holidays.
Um,
I'm going to be performing at Madison Square Garden,
believe it or not this Saturday,
November 14th.
And um,
for those of you who saw,
I put out a teaser for F is for family that's coming out on December 18th
everybody.
And we put out a little teaser there and,
uh,
the rumor mill is that the trailer's going to be coming out soon and where you
can actually right now it's just sort of a little thing just to get out.
You know,
they do it again.
We're,
we're fucking getting you salivating for it.
Um,
but I'm really excited about that and check this shit out.
I rented a drum kit,
um,
to be set up at Madison Square Garden during the day.
So during the day,
me and some of my friends are going to go in and jam in an empty Madison Square
Garden and uh,
it's gonna be fucking,
it's going to be fucking ridiculous.
It's going to be fucking ridiculous.
And we're all like fucking old white guys.
So we're just geeking out sending a set list,
you know,
would you do war pigs?
Just all this whole light guy music,
although that stands the test of time,
black sabbath us.
I challenge any fucking kid today.
I don't give a fuck how many mouse heads people have.
If you put it on black sabbath,
there's no fucking way you can appreciate that,
the level of quality and that music.
So we're going to be doing that.
And uh,
yes,
I will definitely take some video.
Um,
you know what's really cool is there was a buddy of mine forever.
I've been trying to jam with them and uh,
it just never worked out.
So I finally called them.
I say,
Hey man,
I'm in New York.
You want to get together Saturday?
And he goes,
yeah,
come on out to my place.
I moved out to jersey,
I got to rehearsal space and I said,
Nah man,
I got a better space.
And you know,
he's proud of his space and I know it's the shit.
So he writes back and he's like,
what the fuck?
And then I hit him with it.
Hey,
let's go fucking play it at Madison Square Garden.
He fucking freaked.
Fucking freaked.
Um,
it's gonna be awesome.
And for those of you who are already cringing,
thinking that I'm easing my way too,
at some point playing drums before or after one of my shows during a live
performance,
I would never do that to you.
Okay?
Just know I would never do that.
No that I know that I stink.
All right.
I know that I stake,
I know that this is just a hobby.
I know that I will never make a living.
Okay,
so fucking relax.
All right.
I'm just a middle aged white dude.
Fucking being a geek.
I'm allowed to do that.
All right.
Okay,
well that's the podcast for this week.
It's a little bit short,
but a,
I'm a little short on time this week.
I'll make it up to you on Thursday.
Um,
that's it.
Don't take any shit.
Go fuck yourselves,
and I'll check it on Thursday.